README.md, before:

# Python Linter with Custom Rules

A command-line tool for linting Python code with custom pylint rules and automatic `__init__.py` management.

## Features

- Lint Python code using pylint 3.3.6
- Automatic creation of missing `__init__.py` files
- Support for custom pylint rules
- JSON output option
- Python 3.13 compatible

## Installation

1. Install pyenv (recommended) or your preferred Python version manager
2. Install Python 3.13:
   ```bash
   pyenv install 3.13.0
   ```
3. Create and activate a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python3.13 -m venv soar_app_linter_venv
   source soar_app_linter_venv/bin/activate
   ```
4. Install the package in development mode:
   ```bash
   # Install uv if not already installed
   pip install uv

   # Install the package in development mode with uv
   uv pip install -e ".[dev]"
   ```

## Usage

Basic usage:
```bash
soar-app-linter /path/to/your/code
```

With JSON output:
```bash
soar-app-linter soar_app_linter /path/to/your/code --json
```

## Command Line Options

- `TARGET_DIR`: Directory containing Python files to lint (required)
- `--json`: Output results in JSON format
- `--no-init`: Disable automatic creation of `__init__.py` files
- `-h, --help`: Show help message and exit
- `--verbose`: Show verbose output
- `--message-level`: Set minimum message level (info, warning, error)
- `--version`: Show version and exit
- `--no-deps`: Disable automatic installation of dependencies specified in app configuration. This also disables import errors from being reported.


## Development

To run tests:
```bash
pytest -v
```

## License

Apache License 2.0

Commit message:

PSAAS-00000 Add app.json check for valid python 3.13 version

README.md, after:

# Python Linter with Custom Rules

A command-line tool for linting Python code with custom pylint rules and automatic `__init__.py` management.

## Features

- Lint Python code using pylint 3.3.6
- Automatic creation of missing `__init__.py` files
- Support for custom pylint rules
- JSON output option
- Python 3.13 compatible

## Installation

1. Install pyenv (recommended) or your preferred Python version manager
2. Install Python 3.13:
   ```bash
   pyenv install 3.13.0
   ```
3. Create and activate a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python3.13 -m venv soar_app_linter_venv
   source soar_app_linter_venv/bin/activate
   ```
4. Install the package in development mode:
   ```bash
   # Install uv if not already installed
   pip install uv

   # Install the package in development mode with uv
   uv pip install -e ".[dev]"
   ```

## Usage

Basic usage:
```bash
soar-app-linter /path/to/your/code
```

With JSON output:
```bash
soar-app-linter soar_app_linter /path/to/your/code --json
```

## Command Line Options

- `TARGET_DIR`: Directory containing Python files to lint (required)
- `--json`: Output results in JSON format
- `--no-init`: Disable automatic creation of `__init__.py` files
- `-h, --help`: Show help message and exit
- `--verbose`: Show verbose output
- `--message-level`: Set minimum message level (info, warning, error)
- `--version`: Show version and exit
- `--no-deps`: Disable automatic installation of dependencies specified in app configuration. This also disables import errors from being reported.
- `--disable-app-json-validation`: Disable validation of app.json file. We check that the python versions specified in the app json file are supported by SOAR. 


## Development

To run tests:
```bash
pytest -v
```

## License

Apache License 2.0
